add earthaccess to nasa ecosystem and tooling recommendations (#25)
NASA-IMPACT/virtual-stores-feasibility-report: recommendations.qmd

TBD: The chunk manifest protocol specification is speculative at this time.

## Leverage existing tools, services and available chunk metadata.

To build virtual data stores efficiently, leverage the existing open-source ecosystem (Icechunk, Kerchunk, etc.) rather than implementing solutions from scratch.

> When a collection is consistent and OPeNDAP-supported, we should try using DMRPP metadata instead of scraping source files—it’s faster and can represent various archival formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a collection is consistent and OPeNDAP-supported, we should try using DMRPP metadata instead of reading metadata from source files—it’s faster and can represent various archival formats.
```
